New York City really inspired that
there's so much art music culture
history and we really feel like a lot of
what's around us is what inspires us
opening ceremony is a retail store brand
a collection a showroom will we consider
it an all-encompassing retail concept I
think when we looked at the
collaboration or this partnership with
kids one of the things we could look at
as an inspiration with not just New York
City but really America America as a
whole is a big inspiration for a brand
ceremony so when we were looking at this
you see everything from denim to Bend
Anna's and they're really kind of iconic
fabrics in America's landscape when we
started making a collection we really
looked at fabrics first one of the
things we looked at were the heads
champions and the protests and we looked
at kind of the classic styles of those
and then separately we looked at fabric
that we were really influenced by for
the season
everything from different washes of
denim from dark denim to wash denim to
different shapes of Bend Anna's and
different patterns in Bend Anna's and
really looking and exploring all those
different possibilities and the idea was
really the mesh with shoe iconic pieces
together
when we decided to introduce the
champions as well as the brook heads one
of the things that was really important
for us was that we offered both shoes in
both men's and women's sizes and I think
that in general or in history I think
that the champion seemed like more of a
women's shoe and as Pro cast seemed like
more of a men's shoe but I think in
reality and in the company's history
you've seen both worn by by men and
women and that was really important to
bring out in the collection we were
really excited about the way the
collaboration came out and shoes feel
and read exactly we want which is
something with classic and something
that we have locations in New York Los
Angeles and August we're opening up our
new location in Japan opening ceremony
because partnership shoes will come out
on September 10
and I'm amber Kelly on creative director
of Opening Ceremony